mrsync (1)

NAME
       mrsync - minimalistic version of rsync
       
SYNOPSIS
       mrsync [OPTIONS]... SRC [SRC]... DEST
       mrsync [OPTIONS]... SRC
       
DESCRIPTION
       mrsync is a program that behaves in much the same way that rsync does, but
       has less options.
       
GENERAL
       mrsync copies files locally on the current host (it does not support 
       copying files between two remote hosts).
       
       As a special case, if a single source arg is specified without a desti-
       nation, the files are listed in an output format similar to "ls -l".
       
       As expected, if neither the source or destination path specify a remote
       host, the copy occurs locally (see also the --list-only option).
  

SETUP
       See the file README for installation instructions.

       Once  installed,  you  can use mrsync to any machine that you can access
       via a remote shell.
       
       Note that mrsync must be installed on both the source and destination machines.
       
USAGE
       you use mrsync in the same way you use rcp. You must specify a source
       and a destination.
       
       Perhaps the best way to explain the syntax is with some examples:  
       
              mrsync -av /src/foo /dest
              mrsync -av /src/foo/ /dest/foo
              
       You can use mrsync in local-only mode, where both the source and
       destination don't have a ':' in the name. In this case it behaves like 
       an improved copy command.
       
OPTIONS SUMMARY
       Here is a short summary of the options available in mrsync. Please refer
       to the detailed description below for a complete description.
       
        -v, --verbose               increase verbosity
        -r, --recursive             recurse into directories
            --list-only             list the files instead of copying them
        -h, --help                  show this help
        
        
OPTIONS
       Many  of  the  command  line options  have  two  variants,  one short and 
       one long.  These are shown below, separated by commas. Some options only 
       have a long variant.  The '='  for  options  that take a parameter is 
       optional; whitespace can be used instead.
    
              
       -v, --verbose
              This  option  increases  the amount of information you are given
              during the transfer.  By default, mrsync works silently. A single
              -v  will  give you information about what files are being trans-
              ferred and a brief summary at the end. Two -v  flags  will  give
              you  information  on  what  files are being skipped and slightly
              more information at the end. More than two -v flags should  only
              be used if you are debugging mrsync. 

              Note that the names of the transferred files that are output are
              just  the  name of the file. At the single -v level of verbosity, 
              this does not mention when a file gets its attributes changed.
             
       -r, --recursive
              This tells mrsync to copy directories recursively.
             
       --list-only
              This  option will cause the source files to be listed instead of
              transferred.  This option is  inferred  if  there  is  a  single
              source  arg  and no destination specified, so its main uses are:
              (1) to turn a copy command that includes a destination arg  into
              a  file-listing command, (2) to be able to specify more than one
              local source arg (note: be sure to include the destination).
              Caution: keep in mind that a source arg with a wild-card is 
              expanded by the shell into multiple args, so it is never safe to 
              try to list such an arg without using this option.  For example:

                  mrsync -av --list-only foo* dest/
                  
SYMBOLIC LINKS
       Symbolic links are not transferred at all. A message
       "skipping non-regular" file is emitted for any symlinks that exist. 
       
EXIT VALUES
       0      Success
       
       1      Syntax or usage error
       
       3      Errors selecting input/output files, dirs
       
       5      Error starting client-server protocol
       
       11     Error in file I/O
       
       
SEE ALSO
       rsync(1)
       
BUGS
       When using mrsync to copy files or directories locally with the option
       -whole-list, it instead copies the designed files and directories in the 
       source directory, ending up duplicating them.
       
INTERNAL OPTIONS
       The options --server is used internally by mrsync, and
       should never be typed by a user under normal circumstances.
       

CREDITS
       A  WEB site is available at http://rsync.samba.org/.  The site includes
       an FAQ-O-Matic which may cover  questions  unanswered  by  this  manual
       page.
       
AUTHORS
       This mrsync has been written by GHARZOUZI Maria and KIDAEI Rawia.

                                  L2 info math-info 2021              mrsync(1)
        

